Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: 
What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science:
What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?

For this project I was given three files, GameExprience.py, TreasureMaze.py, and a jupyter file TreasureHuntGame. These files set up the maze, model the agent’s interactions, and manage the storage and retrieval of past experiences for training. My goal was to implement the qtrain() function and integrate deep Q-learning to train the agent to navigate the maze and maximize rewards. The agent needed to be able to balance exploration and exploitation. The code also needed to manage the training epochs and evaluate performance. I also worked on defining the parameters, training the neural network, and making sure that the agent gets to an optimal policy.
Computer science is about solving complex problems by analyzing data, using algorithms, and computation. Computer scientists design algorithms, build software systems, and innovate technologies. This works to transform industries, improve daily life, and solve global issues. In this project, I applied concepts like reinforcement learning, neural networks, and systematic testing, which are integral to modern AI applications. These techniques show how computer scientists contribute to advancing automation, decision-making, and adaptability in real-world systems. As a computer scientist I solve problems by breaking them down into smaller components, define clear objectives, and use the tools and frameworks I know to create solutions. In this project I first worked to understand the environment. Then I implemented a training loop that was iterative to improve the agent’s performance.
Users are the ones who we develop products for, so it is our responsibility to provide them with the most ethical design possible. This means designing solutions that are reliable, secure, and harmless. This project I worked to design an agent that learned efficiently without bias or undesirable behaviors. To an organization I need to work ethically by providing clean code, consistent work progression, and ensure my work aligns with the organization’s goals. Data privacy is also an important part of ethics and working to remove bias from systems. As computer science evolves so will the need to prioritize ethics. 
